<h1>Activity Scenarios</h1>

<h2>Kenneth</h2>
<p>
It is the Friday night basketball game at Portsmouth High School against rivals Middleton High School and the gymnasium is packed. 
The school has overbooked the gym and due to the incredible demand to view the game, the administrators have decided to present a 
live game cast of the important rivalry match up on the school’s website. Principal Jack Donaghy is in a frenzy to find a replacement 
for the usual score recorder, Pete Hornberger. Instead, he resorts to using Kenneth Parcell to act as his temporary recorder for the
game cast. Alas! Kenneth has never before seen the software used by the school. He stares into the screen and sees all of the player's
names already listed. He presses on a player and a slew of options comes up. As Kenneth drags his fingers across the screen, more 
menus pop up like an oak tree. He plays around with the interface for two minutes before the game starts and quickly gets used to it. 
Before the game, he clears out all of the fake messages he generated. As the game starts, Kenneth is very determined to keep up with
the fast pace of the game. Fortunately, the software is very easy to use. Kenneth quickly becomes familiar with the movements and
generates a lot of very accurate events that describe how the game is going. He makes a mistake at one point and panics. Fortunately,
there is a foul shot immediately after so Kenneth was able to go back and edit the event before it went live. By the end of the game,
Kenneth is exhausted. Fortunately, he was able to accurately report each event in the game and no riots occured. Everyone went home
and lived happily ever after. 
</p>

<h3>From Problems to Activities</h3>
<p>
The transformation from problems to activities occured because of the new interface that Kenneth, the main character, was using. The
new software was much more intuitive so Kenneth was able to grasp the basics very quickly. In addition, the software allowed for Kenneth
to easily and accurately record game data. This means he was able to keep up with the fast pace of the game and accurately report on 
each event that occured. Kenneth successfully completed his task and no one was angry at him.
</p>
<p>
Several of our claims in from the problem scenarios were addressed. The most important claim was that the current software requires a 
lot of training. The main disadvantage of this claim is that replacements are very hard to find. This issue is fixed in the new software
because it is much more intuitive. As Kenneth aptly demonstrated, the new software is easy to learn and anyone can pick it up. This makes
replacements much easier to find.
</p>
<p>
Another claim that was made was the abundance of options in the current interface. The disadvantage of too many options is that the user
might be overwhemled. This issue was also addressed with the new software. The menus and options do not appear until the user has made
a selection. This hides the clutter of the interface and doesn't overwhelm the user with too many choices at once.

<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3724-group1/wiki/Phase1Claims">Problem Scenario Claims</a>

</p>

<h2>Leo</h2>
<p>
Coach Frank Rossitano has started his season strong with the Maroney University Lemonheads taking the first seed in the regional basketball 
tournament. Since going to the regional championship is a big step in the small town’s history, Coach Frank has decided to change the usual 
recording software to a newer and supposedly more reliable version, which consists of a touch screen and the lastest and greatest software
from Zhang Industries, an international conglomerate. Leo Spaceman, the team’s statistician, is readying himself up to use the software for 
the game cast, which will be shown live on the NCAA’s website. With the help of a representative from Zhang Industries, Leo learns how to 
use the new software and is ready for game day. During the game, Leo swiftly drags his fingers across the screen and generates play-by-play
events. The updates are automatically sent to the website for those who could not make it to the game. Leo makes a few mistakes throughout
the game, but the software allows for him to quickly make changes and fix mistakes. 

</p>

<h3>From Problems to Activities</h3>
<p>
The transformation from problems to activities occured because of the new interface that Leo, the main character, was using. The new 
software was much easier to use than text input so Leo was able to make the updates quickly and accurately. Leo was able to keep up with the
fast pace of the game and accurately report the game's events. 
</p>
<p>
This activity scenario addressed the disadvantages of using a keyboard as input. By using a touch screen interface, the speed of reporting 
will be greatly increased. Also, the reporter does not need to worry about any typing errors he or she makes. The reporter does not need
to be an experienced typist to use the software. This makes the interface available to almost everyone.
</p>

<h3>Jon</h3>
<p>
Jon has been the statistician for the Dubai Sheiks, a professional mens basketball team, for eight years now. In those eight years Jon has 
had to learn 3 different stats taking programs. He started out with Stat Crew System for Basketball, an MS-DOS stats program. This is a purely 
text input stats program that requires a minimumal amount of keystrokes to add game events. This program lacked a lot of the flashy features 
that were starting to emerge, as well as a standard format that the Sheiks program approved. From there, the Sheiks program paid for a developer 
to create a custom solution that would provide the exact format the Sheiks wanted. After the move, Jon had to spend some time learning the ins 
and outs of the new system. He wanted to make sure that he was completely comfortable with the software so that during the stressful games he 
would be able to keep up with the fast pace. This new software automatically sends the update online so there is no additional effor on Jon's 
part. Also, all of the events that are generated are saved as a standard text file so the game can be archived in case the data ever needs to
be pulled up again.
</p>

<h3>From Problems To Activities</h3>
<p>
The transformation from to activities occured because of the new software. It is much more standardized than all of the previous interfaces
and automatically sends updates to the world wide web so it requires no additional effort on the reporter's part. In additional, the new 
software does not require much time to learn so it doesn't take Jon a very long time to adjust to it. 

The claim that this scenario addresses is that stat recording programs have different levels of features for different levels of users. With
the new interface, the reporters do not have to re-learn too much because most people are already familiar with the use of touch screens. In 
addition, there won't be too many advanced features. Despite this, the interface will still be able to generate all of the events that are
required for each game. 
</p> 

<br><br>
<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3724-group1/wiki/Phase1HomePage">Back to Phase 1 Home</a>