<h1>Information Design Scenarios</h1>

<h2>Kenneth</h2>
<p>
Kenneth is the last minute replacement game recorder for Portsmouth High School's 
basketball team.  Before the game starts he is given an oppurtunity to familiarize
himslef with the game reporting software. Initially he feels very uneasey since
he knows how quickly the pace of a basketball game goes and he doesn't want to 
make mistakes.  Kenneth starts up the device and then is presented with the
evening's line up on one half of the screen and the other half of the screen contains
categories for the different statistics.  Kenneth starts out by touching one of
the players, immediately the statistics fade away and he is presented with a menu
which seems to grow out of the player's name into a serious of branches containing
different basketball plays and events. Kenneth tries to tap the next menu item
but the menu dissapears. He then re-taps the player and decides this time to
drag his finger to the next item.  While doing so he notices the screen keeps track
of his progress and plots a colored line indicating his path. When his finger
reaches a menu item that doesn't spawn any more branches he is unsure of what to
do and releases his finger inside the menu item.  As soon as he lifts his finger
the new event is generated automatically from the path his finger created and the
new event appears in the scrolling game log. Kenneth keeps familiarizing himself
until he feels comfortable generating different events. Now he wants to try deleting
old events.  Kenneth just happens to own an iPhone, and he tries the iOS method
of deleting by swiping the game event in the scrolling log with his finger, just
like iOS the event now shows a delete button which he taps and watches as the
event vanishes.  After deleting all of his practice events the game gets underway.
Kenneth is able to keep up with the pace of the game, and his speed at creating events
keeps increasing as he becomes more familiar with the software. After making a simple
mistake Kenneth learns that in order to fix the mistake all he must do is tap
the errant event in the log and then re-swipe through an event and the new event
replaces the old errant event. What Kenneth did not know what the event log had a
built in buffer that kept newly created events from going out to the live feed for
a specific period of time, and Kenneth managed to fix the event before it went live.
After the game Kenneth is very proud of himself for learning the new software so 
quickly and for doing a great job.
</p>

<p>
Our claim that the interface is easy to use is proven by Kenneth because he was 
able to quickly learn the new software even though he was a last minute replacement.
This was partly due to the hands on nature of the menue interface and the way
that it branches out like a tree and forces the user to make specific selections as
they traverse the tree's branches and leaves; this validates our claim about menu selections
pop out like a tree. Another claim, the reporter uses a touch screen, shows how natural
and intuitive the process is when Kenneth takes an iOS gesture and applies it to the
software and it behaves identically.
</p>

<h2>Leo</h2>
<p>
Leo is the statistician for the Maroney University basketball team. The head coach 
has decided that they need a new game recording software and the new software they
purchase from Zhang Industries comes with a in person demonstration and teaching 
session. During the session Leo is taught all the nifty and speedy ways that the
software can generate game events. He quickly picks up on the patterns of the 
menu systems that sprout like growing trees. One of the tips he is told is that
while creating a new event if he believes that he made a mistake but hasn't finished
he could then remove his finger and the event would be cancelled. The instructor
also explains to Leo how the buffer works before the event messages are sent to
the live online public view. The instructor tells Leo that he has a limited time
to edit an event before it goes public and show Leo how to properly select an event
for editing.  Leo is a little worried that the system is too simple and that he wished
there were more advanced settings for more expeirenced users. However after explaining 
the basics the instructor shows Leo all the menu subsystems in great detail. 
Leo is amazed that by just dragging his finger through the menues he can generate 
an event for almost every single situation encountered in the game. Its during this time
that the instructor shows Leo how to record a player taking a shot. All he has to do is
drag through a player's name to shot, then a view of the court will appear and when
his finger stops on the court it marks the location of a shot and a menu appears around
his finger asking if the shot was made and if a foul occured.  Leo really liked being
able to mark a shot location and then have the shot event automatically generated as 
well. Once Leo actually uses the software during a game he is thoroughly impressed 
by the speed at which he can generate events.
</p>

<p>
Leo also demonstrates the claim that the interface is easy to use when he
wishes for more advanced features. Leo really liked the touch interface confirming 
the useage of a touch screen claim, especially when he could mark a shot on the court
by dragging his finger to the location of the shot and then being able to have the
shot details show up in a menu. This is also where another claim is proven, the system can
generate messages for almost every situation. Leo realizes the how powerful the shot marking
tool is because the procedure is quick for him and he can stay current with the game, but
it also provides more detailed info for the users at home watching the game feed.
</p>

<h2>Jon</h2>
<p>
Jon is the statistician for the Dubai Sheiks, a professional mens basketball team.  He
has been using different game recording softwares and is very adept at learning new
softwares to get his job done. Jon is very passionate about his job and he really
learns the ins and outs of the systems that provide him his livelyhood.  Jon has just
transistioned to the new touch interface and its accompanying software. So far he is 
thoroughly surprised at the speedy interface. He was initially worried that online users
would miss out on some of the idiosyncracies of the game as well as color commentary. He
learned in his training that by tapping directly into the event log he could create a blank
event that would pull up a keyboard so he could directly type into the event. This allowed
him to be able to theoretically report on off court antics, fights, incredible plays, and
other events the software didn't account for. Another feature that Jon really liked, and
so did the head coach, is how the software saves the event log to a text file that can
easily be archived and reviewed after the game. This archive allowed Jon to go back
and review his accuracy on the game, and it allowed the coach to have a text version of
the game to go along with the statistics.
</p> 

<p>
Jon demonstrates the claim that the software allows the user to make custom events when
he learns how to tap into the event log to create a custom event. This allows him to
create events that the software couldn't / didn't take into account. The final claim where
the software saves the event log is also demonstrated. It really benifits the head coach
having the full transcript of the game events.
</p>

<h2>Links</h2>
<ul>
<li>All interface layout concerns are addressed by this pdf which contains the prototype
layouts for the software.
<p><a href="http://cs-3724-group1.googlecode.com/files/basketball_diagrams_final.PDF">Interface Diagrams</a>
</p>
</li>
<li>The referenced acvitity scenarios can be found here:
<p>
<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3742-group1/wiki/Phase2ActivityScenarios">Activity Scenarios</a>
</p>
</li>
<li>These design scenarios reference the activity design claims which can be found here:
<p>
<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3724-group1/wiki/Phase2ActivityClames">Activity Design Claims</a>
</p>
</li>
</ul>

<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3724-group1/wiki/Phase2HomePage">Back to Phase 2 Home</a>

