<h1>Redesign</h1>

Based on the study, one of the major problems that we found was that software is not intuitive. In the first trial, practically no one was able to record any events properly. This was due to the fact that our current software is not very intuitive. The first fix is to add a line that shows the user's dragging path. This extra feature tells the user that he or she is supposed to be dragging. During the first trial, most subjects tried to simply click on the buttons. If their fingers were drawing lines as they were being dragged around, the user would know to interact with the software through dragging and not clicks. 

Another fix that needs to be implemented is to hide the menu when the user does not currently have a finger on the screen. This will also help with the intuitiveness of the software. If the user sees that the menus are disappearing when his fingers leave the screen, it will be more obvious that interactions are handled through dragging and not clicking. Implementing these fixes will not require much work and make our software much more intuitive. The cost of making these changes is almost insignificant.

We discussed these changes with our client, who also participated in the study. He notes that making these changes would greatly improve the intuitiveness of the system. He also pointed out that making the software more intuitive will not help improve an expert's user's experience with the software. Fortunately, these changes have no effect on how the software is used at an advanced level. 



<br/><br/>

<a href="http://code.google.com/p/cs-3724-group1/wiki/Phase4HomePage">Back to Phase 4 Home</a>