<h1>Problem Scenarios</h1>

<h2>Kenneth</h2>
<p>
It is the Friday night basketball game at Portsmouth High School against rivals Middleton
High School and the gymnasium is packed. The school has overbooked the gym and due to the
incredible demand to view the game, the administrators have decided to present a live game cast
of the important rivalry match up on the school’s website.
Principal Jack Donaghy is in a frenzy to find a replacement for the usual score recorder,
Pete Hornberger. Instead, he resorts to using Kenneth Parcell to act as his temporary recorder
for the game cast. Alas! Kenneth has never before seen the software used by the school. The
interface is not at all intuitive and Kenneth ends up mistaking scoring for fouls, assits for steals,
and passing for rebounds.
The auditorium, where most of the people without tickets are watching the game feed
from a projector system, is becoming restless. Mayhem breaks out! Folding chairs are thrown at
the projector screen, fires are being started in the rows of students, and students are rioting for
Kenneth’s expulsion. Kenneth never realizes his mistakes and goes home after the game with
never a bigger smile on his face.
</p>

<h3>Quick Summary of Kenneth's Issue</h3>
<p>
The scenario came about after thinking how reporting software should be intuitive enough that someone with little experience will still be able to work the software. Learning from field data, we found that some of the software that exists today is complicated enough that one needs to be trained in the software. Training users to use particular software can cost money and time. If the software were intuitive enough, one could easily get the hang of the program in no time. The scenario is useful because it shows how an untrained or user unfamiliar with the product might mistakenly input data and not realize their errors.
</p>

<h2>Leo</h2>
<p>
Coach Frank Rossitano has started his season strong with the Maroney University
Lemonheads taking the first seed in the regional basketball tournament. Since going to the
regional championship is a big step in the small town’s history, Coach Frank has decided to
change the usual recording software to a newer and supposedly more reliable version, which
takes direct typing input from the user.
Leo Spaceman, the team’s statistician, is readying himself up to use the software for the
game cast, which will be shown live on the NCAA’s website. However, when game time arrives
and stats start to pour in Leo is not ready for the massive amount of information he is needed to
type in. He stresses and misses several key plays that make the difference online. As he has
currently recorded, the Lemonheads are losing to the Tofferville College Grizzs by five points
when in reality they are ahead by three.
Meanwhile in the stands, spectator Tracy Jordan is going insane. He is both watching the
game live in addition to viewing the stats online for the “ultimate gaming experience,” but he is
confused as to whom to trust since both are displaying conflicting information. In a moment of
pure craziness, Tracy throws off his shirt and rushes the field reciting Dr. Suess’s, “Green Eggs
and Ham” while crab walking across the basketball court. The moment of confusion allows Leo
to correct his mistakes.
</p>

<h3>Quick Summary of Leo's Issue</h3>
<p>
The idea for this scenario came about after hearing the different types of input methods there existed with score reporting software. Learning more about typing inputs, we learned about how difficult and tedious it is to type information constantly and how easy it is to make a simple mistake. The scenario is useful because it shows how someone reporting the information can be overwhelmed with all the incoming data and then lose track or slip up. 
</p>

<h3>Jon</h3>
<p>Jon has been the statistician for the Dubai Sheiks, a professional mens basketball team, for eight years now. 
In those eight years Jon has had to learn 3 different stats taking programs. He started out with Stat Crew System for
Basketball, an MS-DOS stats program. This is a purely text input stats program that requires a minimumal amount of
keystrokes to add game events. This program lacked a lot of the flashy features that were starting to emerge, as well
as a standard format that the Sheiks program approved.  From there, the Sheiks program paid for a developer to create
a custom solution that would provide the exact format the Sheiks wanted. After the move, Jon had to spend a great 
deal of time learning the ins and outs of the new system. He wanted to make sure that he was completely comfortable
with the software so that during the stressful games he would be able to keep up with the fast pace.  Just about
when Jon was really comfortable with the new system, the Sheiks wanted to offer an online play-by-play report of the
games when the Sheiks were playing out of town.  In order to accomplish this, they had to ditch their custom system
and adopt a system developed by CREZ. CREZ has a complete system that offers stat taking, play making, coach utilities
and a game casting component.  Now Jon needs to lean CREZscorer to the level he had known the other systems.
</p>

<h3>Quick Summary of Jon's Issue</h3>
<p>
This scenario came from the notion that none of the systems we found had similar interfaces or features.  Jon has had to move around between different systems a great deal. In order to perform his duties at a professional level Jon needs to know all the features of the systems he is using. The scenario is useful because it demonstrates two key things the professional demands of these software systems and the learning curves of the systems.
</p> 
