<h1>Phase 1 Root Concept</h1>

<h2>Vision</h2>
<p>
    A game recorder interface for professional basketball that will be have an intuitive, efficient, and quick interface to
    update remote fans on play by play game changes via the web.
</p>

<h2>Basic Rationale</h2>
<p>
    Basketball are very fast paced. The recorder must be able to keep up with the
    pace of the game or information will not be conveyed to the fans in a timely
    manner. The interface can help by eliminating repetitive tasks, removing 
    complicated tasks, aiding accuracy, and updating a lot of different data with
    simple actions.
</p>

<h2>Other Concepts Considered</h2>
<ul>
<li>
    Providing a very in depth interface with the greatest possible number of choices
    of possible player outcomes.
</li>
<li>
    Each player has their own individual reporter that writes about the players actions
    and statistics.
</li>
<li>
    Create a speech to text interface that looks for certain key words and generates a
    play by play report.
</li>
<li>
    Stream an audio broadcast of the game from the recorder's point of view.
</li>
</ul>

<h2>Arival at our Rationale</h2>
<p>
    When coming up with the root concept, we looked at and analyzed several different factors of recording basketball games. The first and most important is the amount of information that needs to be logged. In order to give the online viewer a full experience, every event that occurs during the basketball game should be reported. A play by play breakdown is probably necessary for those who cannot watch the game on the television. The reporter is tasked with tracking each of these events. Given the vast number of possibly exciting things that can happen in a single game of basketball, it is very tempting to simply let the reporter type up each event. This, however, is very tedious and the reporter would undoubtably get tired after typing for an entire game. Also, the reporter would have to repeatedly type in the names of the player who is performing the action; this is a mindless task that could be easily automated by software. In addition, this method will not be effective since basketball games are very fast paced and it would be difficult for even the most skilled typers to keep up with the
action.
</p>
<p>
The action packed nature of basketball means that many significant events can happen in the time frame of several seconds. This
is the reason why the interface should be simple and quick to use. If the interface was very powerful and had many buttons to
input a vast variety of events, the reporter might be overencumbered and be slow to react. With too many choices, it may not
be immediately obvious which one is right. Suppose, for example, Player A passes the ball to Player B. This information should
suffice; the reporter should not have to specify whether the pass was a bounce pass, regular pass, or overhead pass. This 
additional detail would only serve to clutter the interface and bog the reporter down in details. 
</p>
<p>
If we only consider these two factors, an interface that allows the reporter to input information through speech might sound
like a great idea. In reality, however, this idea is not practical. The reporter is usually situated right on the sideline so
that he get a very close view of the game. This ensures that he won't miss any of the action and will be able to see exactly
what is going on. Because of the reporter's position, any sort of audio input would not work. This is due to all of the noise
that is generated by basketball games. The coach, the players, and the audience are all yelling at each other. In fact, due
to the enclosed stadium, it is sometimes difficult to clearly speak to someone sitting right next to you. 
<p>
Considering these three factors in addition to technological and staff limitations leads to an obvious conclusion. The interface
that professional basketball recorders use needs to be simple, accurate, quick to use, and, most importantly, be able to record
any significant event that happens in a game of basketball.
</p>